Welcome back.
We've already created a currency exchange service.
What does it do.
What I call currency exchange from EUR to INR it returns me.
What is the conversion.
multiple the currency exchange.
What is the current currency exchange you value when I convert from EUR to INR.
What do we want to do is we want to create the currency calculation service what we want to create.
Right now.
This is a very simple version of the currency calculation service.
Is this currency calculation service can have a lot of functionality related converting a bucket of
currencies into a single currency.
What we'll do is we'll create a simple service.
So will call this currency converter and it would accept from to.
So it will accept OK I would want to convert from USD to INR and it will also accept how many.
It's called quantity.
So I would want to convert 1000 USD to INR what it does is it does not know what is the exchange value
for USD to INR it will call the currency exchange service.
So the currency calculation service would call the currency exchange service and it asks.
OK tell me how much USD worth in INR.
It will get 65 back or 65 or whatever the value at that point is back and it would use the amount thousand
and multiplied thousand by the exchange value thousand into 65 which is 65000.
And return that as the response what we are creating is the basic version of the currency converter
service let's get started now and you really really need to create a controller.
So I'll create a new class I'll call this currency conversion controller this should be our rest controller
at rest control.
We would want to create a method a get method a get mapping and have the URL down here.
This is very similar to what we did with the currency exchange service.
So I would want to call this currency converter and from from to INR to.
And this is the quantity and let's call this public.
I would it return a been back I call this currency conversion bean and we'll create the bean very
soon I'll call name the method as current convert currency and we need to define a few path variables in here right so path variable
string from the other ones which you'd need a path variable string to.
And also we need another path variable.
This would be a big decimal and I'll call this quantity.
And for now let's return a hardcoded stuff back let's organize the for imports everything ok expect for the currency conversion
bean should be automatically result.
I will create a new currency conversion bean.
So create class currency conversion bean and scored and do that finish in the currency conversion bean I would
want a Id private long.
Id and I'll also want a private String from which currency private string to which currency private string what
is the conversion value that we got.
So it's conversion multiple When I call the current currency exchange.
I would get this currency multiple let's also return that back and I would also put in the requested
quantity.
Actually these two should be big decimal big decimal big decimal for quantity as well.
And the last one is the calculated amount or you can also call this total amount total calculated amount
and will also return the port back.
So would we are basically adding in is while the values which we are getting back from the currency exchange
service ID to conversion multiple input.
In addition to them we have a quantity and a total calculated amount that's basically  it it's a lot of
variables that we're adding in here.
I'll go ahead and generate a simple constructor using fields and I'll also go ahead and add in getter and setter.
Let's organize the imports as well.
And also this will be used by Jackson we would need a default constructor no argument constructor
so let's provide that as well.
So basically what we are doing in here is creating a simple bean with a lot of variables.
It looks complex because there are a lot of variables in here.
But if you really look at it objectively there is nothing complex in here.
So now I can create a new dummt bean and return it back new currency conversion being let's passing the values
parameter that would be needed.
I'll hardcoded as one L the ID.
The second argument the second argument is let's look at the current conversion bean the second argument
is from so I'll passing from which we got in here so from to.
And the next one is conversion multiple and quantity so quantity we have quantity we have the conversion multiple.
I'll just send some value out I'll just say 65.
Or for now let's hardcoded what's the big deal.
So big decimal dot 1 let's say that's the currency multiples and quantity total calculated amount I'll say
is quantity itself.
We'll fix that very soon and the port I'll hard coded for now to zero.
So we are hard coding currency conversion bean and return it back if you restart the application
now and go to this URI currency converter make sure that you are using localhost 8100 that's the port
we have configured currency converter from USD to INR quantity 1000 refresh.
And you would see these values back.
So the USD the INR and thousand are being picked up from the path variables inside.
URI.
The other ones are hard coded.
What we'll do in the next step is from the currency conversion Service.
We will call the currency exchange service.
We will determine what is the conversion multiple and we will use that to determine the total calculated
amount.
We will also use the port which comes back in the response until the next step bye bye.